All right, y'all. We are live on this
beautiful
Tuesday morning. God bless everybody in
the name of Jesus,
the Messiah, Yeshua. [music]
I do pray you and your families are
super blessed.
Guys, today is going to be a crazy day.
In fact, as New York is about to open,
I expect that we are in for some crazy
volatility,
some volatility today.
Smash up the likes. And we got to give a
major shout out to everybody in the chat
right now. All right, big shout out
first and foremost to my man HFG showing
the support. First guy in the dang chat,
man. God bless you, bro. Big shout out
to Salty Ta who says re
got to give a major shout out to Heiva
Pori and Sai Wizard. And shout out to
Boyen who says uh crap. I [music] What
did he say? He said, "Oh my Jason, how
do you get these amazing trades? Do you
have a discord [music] or something?"
It's funny you should ask that boy. The
answer is yes. I do have a Discord,
Jason Casaspertrading.com,
for like $210
a day. You could also get these juicy
trades given in the moment in the Casper
Crew VIP Discord where the short trade
was given
in the moment that I took it in the
Casper crew. All right, big shout out to
the Casper crew, boy. And you too could
be in trades like this, my friend. All
right, you too could be in a trade like
this.
Big shout out to Buen guys, one of the
instructors in the Casper crew. Boyen is
an amazing trader. We got to give a
major shout out to Flippa Frank who
says, "Gm JC." And Damian WZ says, "Good
morning." Tipsy says, "Hi, bro. Hi right
back at you." Justin Rose says, "Good
day, Jay." Well, good day to you. Poppy
love crypto says, "Squeeze."
Yeah, it does seem very worth it,
doesn't it? point. Buen says it's pretty
dang cheap, especially compared to some
of these other Discords out there
[music] giving you like what, one chart.
They give you like one chart, whatever,
for like $400 a month, something like
that. So, shout out to Max Longs who
says 50k next.
50K next. All right, let's see. Look,
here's the thing, guys. I want I want to
I want to say something. All right, am I
going to get wrecked on this short
trade? I think that we need to take a
poll in the chat here.
All right, let's take a poll in the chat
here. Will
hang. Let's take a poll in the chat.
Will
I [music] get wrecked on short?
Let's see what you guys have to say
during this live stream and we will
[music] stick around to watch New York
open and see if this short trade gets
wrecked. All right. Now, the Bitcoin
[music] price a very peculiar place,
very peculiar time. Lots of
peculiarities going on. 80,600 is a big
OB.
Uh Wanistra says, "Yes, the short will
get wrecked." Um [music] Hea says,
"Close the short too early." Well, look,
I did take a significant profit on the
short. All right, locked in 5Gs. We
still got about 4 G's in the short trade
about 300,000. This is a big moment. You
know, honestly, this could be my YouTube
trader career ending moment. Or this
could turn into the moment that
catapults me into the ultimate YouTube
trading stardom.
You know what I'm saying?
Uh,
so Epander Snow says, "If price goes up,
the short will get wrecked. If the price
drops, it won't. That's a great answer,
my friend. That's a great answer.
[music] Um, that's a great answer. Oh.
Oh, you closed your short too early.
Well, let's see. All right, we're we're
going to do some comprehensive analysis
here. All right, we're going to do some
comprehensive analysis. Max Long says it
will turn into an epic swing. Watch.
Yeah, let's see. Like, I I am a little
bit curious that that could happen.
All right. I am. All right.
Um, [music]
but we'll have to see. You put an option
back at 82.
Option I bit. Okay, cool, cool, cool.
Poppy love crypto. Poppy love crypto.
Put an I bit
option. [music] I don't know what that
is, man. I'll be honest with you. I
don't know what that is. But let's take
a look at the chart. All right, we're
going to take a look at the chart. First
of all, you know, let's just recognize
and again, New York's going to open in
25 minutes, guys. We are going to get an
injection of volatility. Lots of
injections coming in today. All right.
Today is injection Tuesday. [music]
It is injection Tuesday. Boom. Look at
this. All right. Let's start with the
the the purple elephant in the room.
It's the fact that the Bitcoin price
right now is consolidating [music]
right here at the Fibonacci Golden
Pocket [music] from the high that we
made here back in January, the 13th of
January, the 14th of January [music] at
around $97,800
to the low that we have down here at
59865.
We are consolidating forming what
appears to be a bit of a symmetrical
triangle.
like you could kind of say maybe maybe
this is a symmetrical triangle, right?
Something like this and this thing is
probably going to break. Now remember
these patterns [music] form for one
purpose and one purpose only. That's to
make us lose all our money, right?
That's really the truth. So if we start
to break out of here, right? Let's say
if we start to break out of this
triangle, um objectively speaking here,
the 4hour time frame is going to be
turning down. The money flow is going to
be coming out. And I just want to put
this golden pocket here. I'm going to
take it off log mode and put it on
linear. Oh my goodness. You mean to tell
me that if this triangle breaks out
bullishly and entices everybody to trade
the breakout, it's going to smash right
into the dang 618 Fibonacci from the
high to the low and market cipher beyond
the 4 hour would have a really big wave
right here and then a skinny wave right
here. strangely resembling a set of
upside down uneven butt cheeks where the
left butt cheek is massive and huge,
full of gravy and ravioli and not the
low-fat kind either. And the right cheek
is super skinny, looking like that
waitress at the diner named Dolores
coming out with her uneven butt cheeks
spilling the coffee all over the floor
because her butt cheeks are uneven. Yes,
that's what I mean to tell you.
You guessed it, right? You guessed it
right. Yeah, that's exactly what I'm
saying. All right. That's exactly what
I'm saying. All right. It all makes
sense now. I'm connecting the dots. You
know,
I I'm finally starting to understand
this trading stuff, man.
That's what I'm saying. All right. Now,
again, it's just something to be aware
of. But that's what these patterns are
here for. Big shout out to Crypto Crank.
Do I still hold long position? Oh, I
hold long position, baby. Me still hold
long position. [music]
Yeah, I keep it long, baby.
I keep it long. [music] All right. Now,
on the other side of this Bitcoin, like
let's be honest here, right? Let's be
honest here. As New York is about to
open in about
22 minutes,
we've also been forming some nice
liquidity right down here. All right.
[music]
Right under these lows here from the
weekend at around 80K. All right. We you
can see that as we're consolidating
here, right? [music] We are forming. We
have a low. We have a higher low. We
have a higher low. We have a higher low.
And whenever you see higher lows like
this, this means that there is liquidity
being built underneath the lows. All
right? People stop losses [music] are
there, right? You got people like
putting their stop loss under these lows
expecting the big old breakout. But
here's the thing [music]
again. These these patterns here are
here to wreck everybody. We come down to
this area, [music] right? Just dipping
below 80K. we could actually that could
be the catalyst here to get a move
towards that 83.3 or higher thousand
level. The reason why I say that is
because as we come down to our lower
time frames here, right, we are
bottoming out on momentum, we come to
our 24-minut time frame [music] and you
can see that if you know depending on
how this plays out here, we very well
may [music]
get something like this, right?
come down to this area and by that time
market cipher be on the 24-m minute
would be looking like this. All right,
like this. A big wave here and a small
wave here. You mean to tell me that the
price could come down and stop hunt
everybody and Marcus Cipher B would be
looking like a juicy set of uneven butt
cheeks with a massive big juicy left
cheek full of gravy and ravioli and not
the low-fat kind. And then the right
cheek is looking like that skinny old
waitress at the diner coming out with
her uneven butt cheeks spilling the
coffee all over the floor because her
butt cheeks are uneven. And as the price
clearly right here is coming down to the
key support,
the butt cheeks are getting smaller over
time, the tip money in the right hand
pocket sending the price straight up
just like the smoke from the cigarette.
Yes. Yes. That's exactly what I'm
saying. And New York is about to open in
20 minutes. And we all know what happens
on New York open. The New Yorkers,
[music] right? What do they do? They
wake up. They're groggy. What do they
need to do? They need to go to Dunkin
Donuts. [music] They call it just DD.
Now they call it Double D's. All right.
They They call it Double D's. DD. They
just call it DD now. Isn't that weird?
First they called it Dunkin Donuts. Then
they called it Duncan. Now they call it
DD. I don't know what to believe
anymore. [music] They're getting the
coffee. They're getting the bagels.
They're going to the diner over in New
York City. They're talking to Dolores.
They're saying, "Hey, Dolores, what's
the market maker going to do today?"
Huh? Dolores, tell us. Look, this guy
over here,
this is the market maker over here. He's
smoking a fat cigar. All right, these
are the retail traders smoking just
normal cigarettes. [music] They can't
afford cigars. And even if they could
afford them, they ain't got time to
smoke a whole cigar. They got to go to
W. All right, they got to go to W. They
only got 2 minutes to smoke that
cigarette, get the quick nicotine hit,
and go off to W to start trading.
Dolores is saying, "Look, you retail
traders over here, keep your eyes on the
prize, baby." All right? Keep your eyes
on the key levels and keep your eyes on
market cipher B. [music] All right. Now,
not only, guys, is this a area of
liquidity down below $80,000, but you
pull from the low to the high and
[music] I mean, it's pretty crazy. You
got yourself the Fibonacci
golden pocket zone down to the 786. All
right. In addition to that, you pull all
the volume right here. You got yourself
the dang value area low right down
there.
All right, you got yourself the val.
All right, [music] that's crazy.
Actually, that is what I call a
confluence, right?
So, these are things that we need to
look out for as we come down to the
12-minut time frame. Honestly, the
12minut time frame, if we get a drop
down there, would look absolutely juice.
Juice beautiful. All right, we got to
give a major shout out to our super chat
in the house. Shout out to the master
Caspa. Show us the way. Man, I don't
know the way.
I don't know the way. But Jesus is the
way. So, I'm going to direct you to him.
All right. I don't know the way. I'm
just here to show you pictures like
this, like this, like this, and like
this. All right. That's what we're here
for.
Now, but thank you so much for the super
chat. Um, lots of liquidity around 80k.
Yeah, we got lots of confluences around
80k. Dolores is Max Long's mom. You know
what's funny? Dolores is actually a
combination [music] of my neighbor, Mrs.
Johansson
as a kid and my grandmother. All right.
That combination. All right. Oh man. Oh
my goodness. Bird in the garage. Bird
now out of the garage. Wow. That was
crazy. Bitcoin starting to take a move
to the downside. Smooth move, baby. High
fiber brand flakes oatmeal. Let's go to
the order flow.
Let's go to the order flow and see what
you know. Hey yo. Hey yo. Hey yo. The
order. Oh my goodness. We are building a
little bit of some local bearish CVD
here. We had a lot. Wow. We had lots of
trades opening up here. Many many longs
opening up fomoing in.
And now we are actually seeing bearish
CVD. Look at all these longs longing
this area right here. This This, in my
opinion, guys, is a recipe for a New
York dump. This looks like we are about
to dump on New York open, man. This is
some bearish. Oh my
Oh, wait. I mean, let's see. Oh my
goodness.
It's hard to see this screen here,
guys. This is looking kind of bearish.
Okay, let's go to This is the one
minute. I thought it was on the 15
minute. Hang on, guys. Hang on. Ah, this
doesn't look so bad.
I thought this was a 15-minute time
frame, guys. This don't look so bad. All
right, this don't look so bad. But for
the sake of YouTube sensationalism, oh
my goodness.
Honestly, guys, you know, in all
seriousness, though,
if uh we get a few more longs opening
up, we would have a pretty intense
bearish DBD divergence from this high.
All right, but we are starting to get a
dump. My goodness, we are starting to
get Wow. Would you Have you Have you
ever seen a dump as big as this? Watch.
It doesn't look so big now, but what?
Look at this. Wow. Look at that purple
c. Oh my.
Wow. Oh my. Look at that. The size of
that purple candle.
That I have never seen a dump like this
ever in my life, guys. All right. I've
This is something I've never seen. We're
printing a red dot in the 12minute mark.
Cipher B. Just enough to push us down to
the zone of liquidity down below. The
zone of liquidity
down below. Did we have CPI this
morning?
>> Did we have CPI this morning? And and
that's that's what we got, huh? Uh,
shout out to Not Knock Not Quicker. He
says, "Smash the likes for the serious
YouTube sensationalism." Shout out to
Gogg. What is the website called to
check CVDs? It's called Market Monkey.
All right. Market Monkey MMT. Market
Monkey Terminal.
All right. Can you explain bullish and
bearish CVD? Yeah, I have videos on it
on YouTube. All right. I have lots of
videos on YouTube, [music]
free videos on YouTube. Also have a free
course where I go over CVD and all that
stuff. All right, I could explain it
much better in that video than I could
answering a question in the chat.
[music] Confirmed hidden div on the 1
hour invalidates at 80396. [music]
Are you talking about the bullish hidden
div?
Higher than expected inflation numbers.
Oh my goodness.
Wow. That's why we had the injection of
volume. You know what? This is one of
the nice things about trading without
paying attention to the news.
Imagine if we dumped like crazy here and
I shorted it, gave it in the moment, not
even caring about the news or CVD.
That's just how it That's just how it
works, honestly. Tune out the noise to
make the profits, boys. Tune out the
noise for the profit, boys.
All right, let's see what happens here.
Honestly, we got to wait for New York to
open. We have this just in breaking
news. CPI [music] higher inflation
higher than expected. All right. I know
a huge shock. My goodness. I never would
have thought Spank Mapleton
that uh inflation would be higher than
expected. That is crazy. You know, I
never would have thought that you could
more than double the supply of the
dollars
and then try, you know, raising interest
rates for a year uh and then still have
inflation. I I mean, I would have
assumed that would really have fixed
inflation and put it back down to 2%,
but I guess not. What a big [music]
surprise. Now, uh we have a hidden
bullish div on the 1 hour that could be
invalidated. Let's inspect this hidden
bullish divergence here. Eh
ah
eh
ah I don't really I'm not a fan of this
hidden bullish divergence. I'll be
honest with you. You know I'm not a fan.
CPI said inflation higher than expected.
Juan Estrada and I'm not I'm not exactly
sure about how much um
Iran enriched uranium send us to 60k. Is
there news about Iran?
Is there Iran news? I feel like Iran
News can't move the market anymore.
Unless something crazy happens. I mean,
unless something radical happens that
shakes the world, I don't think any news
about Iran anymore is going to move the
market. I mean, seriously, there's been
so much Iran news during this [music]
during this chop range here. You know,
stock market's pumping to alltime highs.
Bitcoin's ranging. I don't think the
market really cares anymore. [music]
All right. I mean, that's just my
opinion. All right. What do I know? What
do I know? All right. I don't know
anything. One thing I do know is that
apparently for the last 30 years of my
life, Iran's been one day away from
making a nuke and they're going to drop
it on me and I better be real scared
[music] of them.
So, I don't know. I'm surprised.
Never mind. Anyway,
Jason says, "Dennis Mark, seems like you
do only few things to read the market,
but I guess reading the combination of
this few stuff is what makes it a
skill." Look, I here's the thing, man. I
just like to keep everything simple. I'm
a simple kind of guy, right? Just give
me a New York Yankees red hat over here,
you know, outside in the beautiful
nature. I mean, seriously, right?
Outside enjoying God's creation over
here, you know? I I ain't got time to be
to be reading the news like that. All
right, but no, in all seriousness, the
more you can simplify your trading, the
better. The the fewer factors, the fewer
variables that you take into
consideration before putting money on
the market, the better. In the context
of day trading, all right, in the
context of maybe building a stock
portfolio or whatever, that's totally
different. In the context of day
trading, the news, you're too late.
You're too late trying. This is just my
opinion. I know some people day trade
the news and they're good. whatever.
[music]
For me, it's too much because if you're
trying to read the news, let's be
honest. Now, you're taking into account
all this stuff. You're like, "Ooh, the
news is bearish, which means the market
makers are going to know that everyone's
going to go short, so they're going to
pump it. So, that means it's actually
bullish short-term, but then we're going
to pump. Then we're going to dump this."
And you're playing reverse reverse
reverse psychology trying to figure all
this crap out. In the meantime, you
could just look at the chart. You know
what I'm saying? So, that's my opinion.
That's my take. All right. That's my
take. You know what I'm saying?
Uh, what do we grow on the homestead,
man? I mostly like to grow potatoes. I
grow potatoes, squash, beans.
Uh, [music] yeah, that's pretty much it.
Like root vegetables, squash, and beans
are are the three staples, right? I
homestead with the mentality if the
supply chain totally does go down
[music] and you can't go to the grocery
store, how would you survive? All right.
And in all seriousness, guys, I mean,
it's it's so dang easy to have a
survival homestead. Potatoes, you don't
have to [music] do anything to make them
grow. You don't have to till your soil.
You don't have to enrich your soil. You
don't have to weed them. You barely have
to water them unless there's like a
serious drought.
All right?
And you could take literally a a a three
lb bag of potatoes from the store and
plant [music] dozens of plants from that
one three lb bag of potato. Chop the
potato into three pieces. Put each piece
in the ground. You got yourself a potato
plant producing four to sometimes eight
or more potatoes per plant. All right.
Tons of carbohydrates,
potassium, minerals, all this stuff.
Squash, you plant the seed, the vine
grows like crazy. You don't really have
to do much to it. And then you pick the
dang squash. The squash and the potatoes
can stay good for months in a dark cool
basement like area. All right? So, you
don't even have to preserve them. You
can, right? You can, [music] but you
don't have to. And then beans, I mean,
beans, guys. Proteins, carbohydrates,
vitamins, and and yet and they're dried
out. They last forever,
right? I forgot to mention squash. You
can eat the seeds which has protein and
fat. So just from potatoes, squash and
beans, you got yourself all three
macronutrients. Then get yourself some
dang chickens.
Now you got the eggs every day come
straight straight out the chicken's
cloa,
you know, straight out the dang poop
hole and pee hole cuz birds only have
one hole. They use the one hole for
everything. Egg laying, mating, pooping,
and peeing. What a weird strange
situation that is. I'm glad I'm not a
chicken, but those eggs contain lots of
vitamins, minerals, everything a baby
chick needs to turn from a cute little
squeaker into a cockal doodle doo.
Oh my goodness, look at the purple
candle. Oh my,
what a dump. Of course, you can eat the
chickens as well. And the cool thing
about chickens is guess what? They lay
eggs, which make more chickens. you
know, potatoes, squash, beans, and
chickens. Honestly, honestly, I I I
that's that's pretty much mostly what I
eat in general. Anyway,
[music]
that's some good eating right there.
That is some good eating right there.
Let me tell you, that's some good
eating.
If you grow the potatoes upside down,
then yes, they will sprout in China. All
right. Yeah. So if you plant the if you
plant the potato peas upside down, they
will sprout upside down into the earth
and they will sprout on the underside of
the earth. All right? [music]
Which is China, right? That's what they
say. At least that's what they teach
you. That's what I learned. [music] Dig
far enough and you'll get to China,
right? You'll get to China. But that's
what they say. [music] Um
>> yeah, you will get raided if that
happens. I mean, in all seriousness, if
the supply chain goes down, unless you
have a
community that's all on the same page,
you got yourself a MAG, you know, a
mutual assistance group, and you got a
well-trained
uh militia group of people that can take
care of business, yeah, you're pretty
much screwed. Let's be honest. Pretty
much screwed. Um, but here's the thing.
The good thing about being out in the
country is that there's there's fewer
people per square foot. And in general,
people would stick together more
because, you know, like where I am right
now, guys. [music] There's nothing but
corn fields and bean fields and gardens
and farms and all this stuff. I I I
don't That's the thing about living out
in the country, guys. You live in
farmland. Everyone's got a farm,
you know.
Shout out to follow Baba from China.
Crypto krypto for Columbus says, "Silly
Jason. We all know the earth is [music]
flat." All right. So, if the earth is
flat, then the potatoes will sprout in
Hades. All right. And not in China.
[music]
All right.
Here we go, baby. 5 minutes until New
York open.
[music]
Dave Flowers plant potatoes, but the
frost murdered them. Dang, bro. That
sucks. I mean, I know it's been a really
cold year.
>> [music]
>> It's been a really cold year. In fact,
I've been covering some plants outside
even though it's after Mother's Day,
you know. Um,
yeah. So, let's check it out here. Let's
see what's going to happen. Oh, man.
Guys, look at this crazy dump. Look at
this crazy dump. I cannot wait for 5
minutes to see what New York's going to
do. Um, [music] Abraham had a mag.
Apparently, he Apparently he did, right?
Apparently he did. Did you read Genesis
14? That dude could take care take care
of business. All right. [music]
Krypto Tejo says, "Well, if something
happens, I'll be knocking at your door.
We can all move in to Jason Casper's
farm. If you move into my farm,
um
then uh I don't know, man. I don't know.
[music] I don't know if there's enough
room for you, man.
I hope you have some nice skills that we
could use around here.
All right. 78K by 10:00 a.m. Uh, let's
see. Man, that would be pretty wild.
Let's see. I'm excited to see what
happens here. I'm excited to see what
happens here. I am excited. Dimension.
I'm excited to see what happens here.
[music] Oh, man. This is looking wild.
Come on, New York. Come on, New York.
I do have to be honest and say that it
looks like New York could definitely
give us a dump and pump scenario.
All right.
Sometimes you got to use the plunger to
scratch your back. Oh yeah, that feels
good. That feels good. We got 3 minutes
until New York open.
3 minutes
Are the chickens about to drink water?
It seems like they are. It seems like
they are.
All right. It really does seem like they
are.
Oh, come on, baby. New York. Give us the
pump. Give us the dump and pump.
The pump. The dump and pump.
All right, we got 2 minutes, guys.
We got 2 minutes. Let's see if we dip
below 80K.
Get this big old dump going. Get this
big old dump going. We're going to dip
down below these lows. All right.
Gonna dip down below those lows.
Let's get to our 15-minute chart here.
Honestly, I would even love to dump down
below these lows here.
See what we can do.
We got two minutes.
Milking cows is a load of utter
nonsense, says I, you one.
Look, as a 35-year-old guy with four
kids, I love dad jokes. I just can't
help myself. Have I traded ETH? Nah.
[music]
No, I haven't traded ETH. Not at all. I
I don't even remember what ETH is. What
is ETH again, guys?
What is ETH again?
Shout out to Kamik. He says, "Yo,
Casper, sun is shining. Markets turn
into lava." Yeah, the sun feels real
good. I love the sun in the morning.
[music] Sun on the skin in the morning.
You can't go wrong, guys. I know this
sounds crazy, but I feel like the sun
makes you leaner. Feel like the sunshine
makes you lean. Feel like in the winter
time when you're always wearing a
hoodie,
[music] the abs aren't as crisp.
That's some real bro science. It's crazy
how S&P isn't a massive breakout, but
Bitcoin is in a bare market. I mean,
that's actually kind of nice to to know
that Bitcoin is kind of disassociated
from the traditional markets, right? All
right, guys. We got one minute before
utter chaos ensues.
One minute before utter chaos. Speaking
of milking cows on the farm,
what do I think about the 12-minute head
and shoulder pattern?
Um,
I don't know, man. I I don't really I
don't necessarily
see a 12-minute head and shoulder
pattern. So, I don't know. But, but I'm
expecting that this 12minute red dot
takes us down a bit. All right, let's
see if we can't get a little bit of a
dumpage.
A little dooage. Come on, baby. We want
to get a little dooage.
Yeah, utter chaos. Utter chaos. Exactly.
Shout out to Gety M9Q. Shout out. Shout
out. Shout out to you, man. All right,
let's see how the order flow is looking.
New York is officially open for
business. And a whole bunch of longs
immediately close out.
Right, let's see what happens here.
We got a lot of longs closing on out. We
had a pretty
big spike. Let's go to the the five
minute chart here.
All right. So, New York opens and we we
begin with that big decrease of open
interest here. Let's see what the market
is going to do. We just took that low
from pre New York open. All right. Let's
watch watch the chart.
Come on, Biddy.
Give us your move. Give us your move.
Vitamin D and sunlight pres prevents
brittle bones. Okay.
Yeah, this would be perfect. Big Nick,
you know, CDW the lows, CDW the highs.
You know, CDW the lows, CDW the highs.
You hope we go down to 45. Well, thank
you. That would be crazy if we did, man.
Can you imagine this short trade down at
45K? [music] That would be utter chaos.
Utter chaos.
Utter chaos. Here we go, baby.
Shout out to Doc the goat. Shout out to
fear of Paul 823 who says short. Shout
out to Crypto Tejo who says pump it.
Shout out to Snickbeard who says 81250.
Yeah, you know 81. It does look actually
pretty nice to to take these highs,
right?
It does look nice to take the 81300
highs. Oh my goodness. Like I said,
guys, this live stream is either going
to ruin my YouTube trading career, make
me look like the most [music]
ridiculous, I almost said [__]
person in the world, or it's going to
cement my name forever in the hall of
fame of YouTube traders who have shorted
the exact top setup given in the moment
in the Casper Crew VIP Discord at Jason
Casperrading.com. and I'll become a
multi-billionaire [music]
and then I will get to retire on a
private island all by myself.
Would I ever buy a cow? I wouldn't buy a
cow uh max longs because um I only have
about 2 acres
of free pasture,
maybe not even quite two. [music]
And the amount of grass and stuff that a
cow needs is just a lot. I would much
rather have like six goats, you know?
You could even have more goats on a a
miniature
uh miniature goats, right? And also
[music]
if I were to process a cow be very
difficult I don't know how I would do
that
but processing goats can be done easily
right you know so although I do enjoy
uh cow milk better than goat milk
I just don't I don't think having a cow
again remember I'm I'm homesteading with
the mindset of if things were to go away
tomorrow and I couldn't get food from a
store [music] how would I survive And to
be honest with you, having multiple
goats to me fits that vision better than
having a cow. You know, if things were
different, then maybe I would have a
cow. You know,
I can say [__] in 2026. Yeah, there's
that push back, right? There's that that
push back. It's cool to say [__] and
gay and all that. Now, there's that like
pendulum swing in the opposite
direction, right? They pushed everyone
so far to the left.
the ideological left [music]
that there's now push back to the right,
right? The pendulum will swing in the
opposite direction. [music] And that's
all by design, by the way. That's all by
design. It's called the Hegelian
dialectic.
You have two opposing
points, two opposing views, two opposing
sides,
and you utilize both of those polar
opposites to create a synthesis
of the two.
And so you can actually maneuver and
move society and ideologies and norms in
the direction you want to by using two
extremes, right? Using two extremes.
It's very interesting.
What about a [__] gay?
I don't know, man. I I guess you could
say that. Um,
big shout out to Memory Man. He would
love a cow, but he would never eat him
because Memory Man's vegan, right,
Memory Man?
Big shout out to Memory Man. He's a
vegan. A healthy vegan.
He's a healthy vegan. If I could be a
healthy vegan, I would, but I I just
can't. I've given it a fair shot
multiple times.
Um, processing does sound nice. Yes, it
does. Yeah. [music] Mhm.
Wild pony says it's so [__] that you
can't say [__] anymore. Luckily, I
don't care because it's [__]
[music] Okay.
Um, yeah, divide and conquer. When long?
Well, we're looking down towards
we're looking down towards 80,000. I I
was expecting honestly a big drop here.
Let's check out the order flow. I mean
the we've
we had this bearish CBD divergence here,
but it still technically is a bearish
CVD divergence, but we have had a lot of
longs close out. We have had a lot of
longs close out here.
Um,
shout out to Castro quadruple 7. You're
using 10x leverage.
Yes. So yeah, I know it's kind of low
for me, but it's because I'm on an I'm
on Antarctic, which [music] reminds me,
big shout out to Antarctic, Yubit,
Blofin, and KSEX, the four exchanges I
trade on. Links in the description.
[music]
Also, big shout out to Kleinfunding and
Bitfunded crypto prop firms.
Links in the description.
[music] Check it out if you're
interested.
Is that CVD indicator on trading view?
No, this is market monkey terminal, man.
Market monkey terminal.
[laughter]
With the cost of meat, you might be
forced to become a vegan. Well, you know
what's really cheap? You know what's
really [music] cheap?
Um,
snack beard is owning chickens, man. I
mean, honestly, it is pretty crazy how
cheap owning chickens is. Um, and how
cheap like producing your own food can
be. I mean [music] I mean honestly guys
I I mean
I feed my chickens with grain once a
week and I don't even think they need
that you know. Now granted I have a
large area of land where they can free
range and eat whatever they want in the
wild but
I mean they're birds right? No one feeds
the birds in the wild. They just find
stuff right? So chickens are just birds.
They can eat stuff in the wild and they
lay eggs every day for you. And it
really doesn't cost much at all, right?
Build a little coupe. You can build one
yourself. You could buy one.
They could live anywhere. They could
live anywhere as long as they got like
some shelter at night. So dang cheap.
What a great investment chickens are.
I love chickens.
Man, this is so
Not what I expected, guys. I was I was
expecting a a big move.
>> Come on, Bitcoin. We need a big move. We
need a big move. There was so much
buildup. There was so much buildup.
Oh, man. This is so lame. This is so
lame.
[singing]
Shout out to CryptoCloud9.
It's going up, says Bryce. Work, man.
Well, again, like I said, this could be
the one stream that ends my YouTube
trading credibility, you know. So, we'll
have to see what happens here,
but it does look like we're going up.
Let's check out Market Cipher B. We
didn't even put a bullish div in here on
the 12minute
or on the six minute. Bitcoin, give us
another drop. Give us another drop.
We might just come up and do something
like this.
Come on, Biddy. Give us another drippity
droop drop. Come on, Biddy.
Give us another drippity droop drop.
Shout out to AI Detonator says, "First
time here." Well, welcome to the
shirtless
35year-old treadmill in the garage
crypto trading show.
All right.
God bless you.
>> Double bottom. Yeah, maybe. Look, here's
the thing. Here's
the thing.
[music]
>> Oh man. Nah. Come on, Biddy. Don't do it
to me. Don't do it to me, Biddy.
Come on, Biddy. Don't do it to me.
Yeah, of course. I I live in the woods
uh without an HOA. Good old uh silence
racks. Yeah, I don't understand HOAs.
Why would you pay money for someone to
tell you what you can and can't do at
your own property? That literally makes
zero sense to me. People want to pay
money. It's like a It's like a perk. Oo,
an HOA.
Okay, you're going to pay money so that
some Karen can tell you you can't have a
chicken in your backyard.
[music] Let's think this through for a
second. Let's think this through for a
second.
Now, look, I understand there are some
instances where you would want an HOA.
Like, for example, maybe it's a home
that you have where
you [music] can't maintain the property,
right? You can't maintain the property.
Maybe the HOA cuts the grass for you.
Maybe you're not there all year, right?
Maybe you have no intentions of
surviving off that land. But if you're
trying to survive, honestly, or if it's
your only home, HOA, in my opinion, not
the way to go. You're going to pay money
so some Karen [music] can send you a
letter in the mail because you didn't
wash your roof.
>> That's funny.
got reminded of in the garage with my
Lamborghini.
Why am I still in my mom's garage?
Thought she kicked me out. She'd let me
come back. All right. I got liquidated
again and I I came home crying. I said,
"Mommy, I got liquidated again." She
said, "No worries, Jason." She said, "No
worries, Jason. Look, I'll give you some
extra money for another high leverage
long trade. You could long the top
again, baby. Don't worry." I said, "Ma,
I have nowhere to live." She said,
"Jason, don't worry, hun. You could come
live in my garage again, honey. Look,
here's the thing. I'm trying to be
[music] I'm trying to teach you with
tough love by kicking you out, but a
mother's heart just can't do it. I know
you're almost 40, Jason,
but you'll always have a home here with
me in the garage."
I said, "Thanks, Ma."
As I said, "Thanks, Ma." And here we are
again.
You know,
HOAs keep people under control. Look,
everyone should be able to do what they
want on their own dang property. All
right.
But whatever. Whatever. This is,
[laughter]
you know, you guys do what you want.
Like, you guys do what you want. All
right.
That's That's unAmerican. That's
unamerican. HOAs are unamerican. All
right.
They are unamerican.
People have the wrong priorities.
Honestly,
you want your neighbor's grass to look
nice.
I know. I'm I'm living in my mom's
garage. I have no chance with sixanita.
Ah.
Not knocker says [music] he pays money
for the HOA to tell him to plant a new
tree in the spot where his neighbors
tree limbs cover it. That's wild, man.
All right,
enough about HOAs. All right. There's a
time and a place for an HOA, but
honestly, in this in this day and age,
HOAs are not the way. [music] All right.
HOAs are not the way. You know what is
the way? Some nice property in the
middle of nowhere,
where you can't see your neighbor's
grass anyway,
where you can grow your own food and
just relax, have everyone leave you
alone. That's the way in this day and
age. All right.
Well, looks like our short trade is
going to get wrecked, guys. We're losing
hundreds of dollars as we speak. I just
lost $800 live. All right. [music]
Just lost $800 live.
>> Ho don't don't allow raccoons. Yeah.
All right, let's see.
Do I think oil will dump so Bitcoin can
[music] bump? I'm not sure. But right
now, short trade getting wrecked, guys.
I just lost $1,000.
Just lost $1,000.
We're seeing a few. Nothing too crazy
though. Some longs opening up. Couple
million. Couple million. About 50
million. A little over 50 mil. We're
getting a big pump. You know, we should
have not shorted. We should have longed.
Oh my goodness. We just We're down a
thousand bucks, guys. A thousand bucks
in the red.
>> All right.
[singing]
>> Big purple. Big dirty per coming in,
baby. We're getting the dump. Come on.
Come on. On the big dirty perpy
per baby
Micro Strategy dumping hard on open.
That's interesting that Micro Strategy
is doing the opposite of Bitcoin.
All right, let's see. Let's see. Let's
see.
Man,
I I really would. It doesn't make sense
to me that we wouldn't take that
liquidity, but maybe we won't. Maybe we
just pump straight up, man. Maybe we
just pump straight up.
>> [music]
>> If I had been part of the secret alien
meeting, I would have known Bitcoin is
pumping on Thursday. Yeah. What's the
deal with these secret alien meetings,
guys? I haven't been paying attention to
that, but I've heard like weird stuff
about these secret alien meetings.
I need someone in the chat to fill me
in. What's been going on with these
secret alien meetings? Here we go. We're
starting to get the dump, baby. We just
made $500 in the last one minute, guys.
We made 500 bucks in a minute. $600.
$700, guys. In a minute. Wow.
$700 in a minute. Let's go, baby.
[music] Let's go.
Oh, look. We just lost. Oh, $700.
The perfect plan is 77777.
Yeah, 77777. That was a nice level we
were looking at the other day. Look at
this. We're up 800 bucks, guys, in 2
minutes.
The aliens are the Epstein aliens,
probably. [music]
Probably. Oh no. We just lost a hundred
bucks in one minute.
>> They're not calling them aliens. They're
calling them interdimensional beings.
That is very interesting. That is very
interesting.
I I haven't been following that at all.
Uh hold 80k. Where should we go next? 83
83.3 Sergio or Sergio.
Yeah.
Yeah. 83.3. [music]
They're not aliens. They're just from
beyond the ice wall. I just want to know
what's been going on at the meetings,
right?
Um
[music] if it's even public knowledge.
Are the meetings like government
meeting? I don't know. I've been hearing
all these rumors and stuff and I haven't
been paying attention to it at all.
Get your tin foil hat. [music] I've
already got it on, my man. I've already
got the tin foil hat on,
you know.
Come on. We need the big dirty perp to
come in. Come on.
Man, it is a huge bummer actually, guys,
that uh
that we're not dumping like crazy. Look
at this. We just lost $300.
We made 700. Now we lost three.
It's crazy. We made 800. I mean, and
then we lost three. Here
we go, baby. Big dirty per coming in.
That's what we need, baby. Look, we're
up almost 800 bucks in minutes.
Do I do parkour? I'm not even sure if I
know what that is. Tiny Lens Tales. Is
that like freestyling where people go
out and like jump off walls?
Crypto Crank's looking for a long. Dang
it, Crypto Crank. Can't we just get the
dang liquidity grab?
It's been longing the pullback for two
weeks. Yeah, you're right. You're right
about [music] that. We haven't We have
not taken the liquidity. You're right,
Crypto Crank. No, Crypto Crank is right.
Look at this.
You know, the last time we actually got
a nice long setup was down here from the
setup we gave in the Casper Crew VIP
Discord.
You know, that's the last time we had a
nice setup. But other than that, yeah,
these we have not hit those nice levels,
but we are getting a little bit of a big
daddy per big daddy per coming in. Look
at this. The 15-minute time frame. We
got the BDP.
We got the BDP.
It's extreme cardio.
That's what parkour is. Okay.
Okay. No, I've never done it. Never even
heard of it.
Never done did it. Never even heard of
it.
All right. Here we go. Big Daddy Purp.
Coming on in, baby. Come on.
Yeah, we got the Grand Daddy Purp.
Shout out to Al Detonator. You're in the
same short as me. That's awesome, man.
>> [music]
>> just from the free course online. Huh.
Of course, I did get this trade in the
Casper crew at jasonaspertrading.com.
[music]
The long setup given the short taken in
the moment.
Oh no, we're starting to pump,
you know.
Dang it. We're starting to pump. That's
not what I want.
Andy longed. [music] Andy from Bitcoin
Census, aka Minepillar Markets. All
right. He longed, man. Look, everyone's
going against me. Everyone's turning
against me. All my friends, CryptoCrank,
[music] Andy,
all my friends are going against me. You
know, it's not a good feeling to be the
only one short. All my friends are going
against me.
How do you cure a pinched nerve on your
right trap? I have no idea, bro. But I I
would honestly go to a chiropractor.
I would go to a chiropractor and a
physical therapist. I I uh Crypto Crank,
I have a physical therapist and he's
really good, bro. He does everything
remote on Zoom.
Uh if you want, I could hook you up if
you DM me cuz
>> [music]
>> um
like no joke, this dude has helped me so
much and he's helped so many people I
know who've had like chronic pain, like
really bad issues, bulging discs and all
this kind of stuff. [music] And he's
really good.
you know, he'll do um an assessment of
you, take a video. Sounds a little
weird, but he'll be able to tell
depending on like what hurts, what's
going on, and give you like a routine
that you can do like three times a week.
And like this dude, I've literally seen
changes in X-rays from doing his
mobility work cuz I I I've had bad back
issues [music]
and uh I've seen improvements on
scoliosis from doing his mobility. So if
you want, bro, this dude really knows
his stuff. I could hook you up.
Acupuncture. Yeah, that's true, too.
Acupuncture, chiropractic,
and then working with a physical
therapist. Honestly, I've I've my own
personal experience, I feel like
chiropractic,
although I I do believe it's healthy for
you to be adjusted once in a while, I
have found in my own personal life that
just by taking care of myself, doing
mobility work, and uh you know, working
with a physical therapist, I haven't
needed chiropractic
because the only reason you need
chiropractic is because the muscles in
your body aren't keeping things in
alignment.
I mean obviously if you fall down or
whatever or do something crazy you get
out of alignment but in general your
body should be able to keep yourself in
alignment. So if you're doing the things
and strengthening the right muscles and
all this avoiding imbalances you will
find that a lot of issues resolve
themselves
and that you don't need to go to the
chiropractor every week like a lot of
chiropractors want you to go twice a
week once a week once every other week
or whatever.
Look, I ain't no doctor.
I ain't no doctor.
Um,
Do I do gym [music] every day? I live in
the gym, baby.
I'm currently lifting weights four times
a week. I do three or four times a week.
No more. Sometimes two, sometimes two
days a week. In fact, honestly, I'll be
honest with you. [music] I I feel like
the best progress I ever made in my life
as far as building strength and muscle
was lifting weights twice a week. The
problem is I love lifting weights so
much that I hate lifting twice a week. I
I hate it. I hate it. I like to go to
the gym. So,
I like to find the balance of how many
days can I do it without burning myself
out. And that tends to be about four
days a week with those three rest days.
But definitely, I think two days a week
is probably best for most people. It's
the most forgiving,
you know,
and you can make a lot of progress on
two days a week.
All right, look at this, guys. We're
dumping. We're up. We're up $5,300 right
now.
[music] Memory man saw a doctor once.
The doctor didn't see him because he was
hiding. That's that's like the same with
me, bro.
Chiropractor. Your back didn't need
adjustment. Just your life. How long
each session? Well, and and when I was
doing two days a week, [music] I was
probably in the gym for about an hour
and a half to an hour 45.
Um cuz keep in mind, if you're doing two
days a week, you're doing full body.
Um, [music] and at the time I was doing
that, I didn't have like the same gym
setup I have now. I just [music] had uh
barbells and and a rack and some
dumbbells. So, you know, a lot of
warming up. Like, if you're going to
squat, it's not the kind of thing you
just pop into the machine and start. It
ain't no leg extension. All right?
So, it takes time to warm up and get to
your top set. And then, you know, pretty
[music] much the full body workouts,
you're doing some kind of squat, some
kind of hinge, some kind of press, some
kind of pull, and then, you know, some
arm work, some calf work, maybe some ab
work.
That's pretty much it. So, you're
probably doing like six, maybe seven
exercises in the workout. Two sets per
exercise, maybe three.
Right?
So you're basically doing like maybe 12
to 15 16 sets
in the workout. So it's intense, right?
Like if you're if you're training hard,
it's intense. But then you get to
recover and do nothing. And the recovery
on the two day a week is really good.
It's really good. I mean, let's be
honest, I'm training four days a week.
You know, I'm supposed to hit legs again
on Thursday.
Uh I hit legs on Sunday. You know, I
still don't feel fresh. Sometimes, you
know, I get to leg day, second leg day
of the week, I don't feel totally fresh,
right? Two days a week, you always feel
fresh. Just you you don't
you're only doing like couple sets per
muscle group. Going to get that worn out
feeling. But what do I know? Here we go,
baby. We're starting to dump. We're up.
Look at this. We're up 1,400 bucks right
now in [snorts] a few minutes. All
right. Maybe this is the low cuz now we
have the bullish divergence. We
officially have the bullish div here.
But I'm not longing yet. No long for
your boy Jay Casper yet.
All right. [music] No long yet.
Why does the hack squat machine feel
heavier than leg press? Uh there's just
something about the leverages on leg
press. You can move crazy amounts of
weight on a leg press. I don't know. I
mean, I could leg press like 550 lbs for
like 20 [music] 25 or more reps.
I don't know. It just doesn't feel
heavy.
I don't know. Here's the thing about
lifting weights. It's not about how much
weight you're lifting.
It's about
getting the the muscle that you're
targeting, the muscle you're trying to
build. Getting it to work hard,
right? Cuz you can move weight easily
[music] without using the muscle you're
trying to build. Like especially when it
comes to squatting and stuff like that.
And especially like leg pressing, you
could be using your glutes and your and
your lower back and maybe you're not
getting the quads as much. It's a lot.
It's a lot to think about. [music]
You know,
we getting the Antarctic token this
year. I hope so, Alan. That's the plan,
bro. All right,
we got a red dot printing on the 1 hour.
We're trying to get a bounce here with
some bullish divergences.
Let's go to the $80,000 level, baby.
Look at this. We're up $5,600.
5600.
There's your liquidity grab. Pull your
pants up. I want more though, Chris.
[music] I want more. I might not get it,
but I want more.
I want more. I want more.
[music]
Yeah. Full body in an hour and a half.
Yeah. Yeah. Say you're doing a squat,
maybe a Romanian deadlift,
right?
Don't forget your calf raises,
and then you're doing like maybe an
incline press and like a bent barbell
row, [music]
right? On one day, and then the next
day, the next full body, maybe doing
like a front squat.
Maybe you do like a conventional
deadlift or a rack pull or something
like that.
And [music] then maybe you do an
overhead press and you do uh pull-ups,
right?
Or maybe instead of the overhead press,
you're doing dips and pull-ups.
Honestly,
the dip pull-up combo or dips and
chin-ups I I feel like is great. I mean,
if you want to get the delts nice and
[music]
delty,
you know what I'm saying?
and get [music] the get the full,
you know,
upper body going,
the dips and [music] the chin-ups.
Dang it. We are getting our liquidity
grab, but I want lower, baby. I want
[music] lower.
Want lower. I want lower. [music] I want
lower.
I think we're going to come lower. I I I
I would be surprised, but then again,
Bitcoin's been surprising me a lot
lately, [music] but I would be
surprised.
Big shout out to Kryptokun in the house.
You were doing full body workout. It was
two and a half hours.
How so? I mean, honestly, that sounds
pretty crazy,
but um you could do [music] it. You
could do it. I don't think I ever went
really more than two hours. Now, maybe I
was in the gym for more than 2 hours
when it comes to like warm-ups and
stuff,
but once I actually start like the real
working sets,
I find if I'm going more than like an
hour, 45, 2 hours at the most, I just
don't have the gas in the tank to keep
going. And at that point, you might as
well stop. In my opinion,
once you lose that that monster like
[music] energy and uh and focus, I feel
like you're you might as well stop. I
feel like you're not really doing
anything to help you at that point
progress.
That's just me. I don't know. Also, it
depends on your rest periods, too. So,
I'm big into short rest periods myself.
I know everyone's [music] different.
>> [music]
>> All right, the move is almost done, says
CBK [music] Wahoo. Well, let's see what
happens here. All right.
Yes, this is utter chaos. 78750. Big
liquidity. Let's go. We're bouncing off
the golden pocket here.
Um, [music]
yeah. I'd say two hours probably means
you're resting too much. Yeah. I mean,
maybe you should do some cardio.
Get on the treadmill. Do some hill
sprints.
Hill sprints is the best cardio ever.
All right, let's see what's going on
here.
All right, we might pump from here,
guys. Look, if you're in the short
trade, giving in the moment in the
Casper crew, you know, there's no excuse
not to be in pro. Don't say you got
wrecked because of because of Jason
because look at this. I mean, there's no
reason to say you're not going to close
this trade in profit. I'm not going to
close it.
I'm going to hold it. I've already
locked in a profit here. 5600 [music]
USDs. All right.
I always eat boiled eggs, soft boiled
eggs. The the [snorts] the the white is
hard and the yellow is mushy.
Yellow is mushy.
All right.
Was that our move? Was that our move?
Dang it. Look at this, guys.
Look, we're losing money. We just lost
what? We just lost 700 bucks in a
minute. Wait, hang on. How much? [music]
We lost 700 bucks in 4 minutes,
man. We are just losing and making money
like crazy here.
Michael Hearn says, "Rest as much as you
need." Well, you know what? If Michael
Hearn says it must be true, honestly,
dude's 60 and he's like absolutely
insane. So,
I ain't got time for that kind of rest,
man. I'm out here trying to be a
homesteader, trader,
YouTube treadmill streamer.
But all right, Crypto Crank says the
bottom's in, guys. All right, so if you
like money,
better long.
Um,
but yeah, we've got bullish divs now
officially. It looks really nice,
actually.
It does look really nice on our
six-minute. We got a nice bullish
divergence. 12minute beautiful bullish
divergence actually.
Well,
you can't get them all, guys. You can't
get them all.
Can't get them all. But
but here's the thing, guys. I actually
have to head out. I didn't realize what
time it was. So, God bless you all in
Jesus name. I love you all. God bless
you all. Thank you so much for watching.
I'll see you next time. Peace.